Insecure is an event sourcing once a command is handled, an event is raised store to the event store
and publish to an event base.
Therefore, we need to create an event object for each of the command objects that we created in the
previous lecture.
Thus, we are going to create an account, open the event funds deposited event funds, withdrawn event
and an account, close the event.
Let's navigate to the event package under the bank account called Project.
Creates a new class and call it account opened event.
Let's begin at the data annotation and the builder annotation, the account open event object will look
much like the open account command object.
We will again add an ID field, also a field for the account holder ID,
a field for the account type.
Another field for the creation date, basically the date that the account was opened.
And then finally, I field for specifying the balance that we are opening the account with.
Creates another class and call it funds deposited event.
Ken will add the data and build the annotations
and an ID field,
a field for the amount that was deposited and then also a field for the ballots where we will add the
updated ballots once a deposit has been successfully completed.
OK, let's create another class and call it funds withdrawn event.
Just going to paste the annotations there and copy all the fields from the funds deposited event and
paste it in the funds with drawn event, and then finally, let's create an account, close the event
object.
Again, we can copy the annotations and we just need an ID field for the account closed event.
OK, now we have created all of our event objects.
Let's go ahead and build our projects.
And everything should build successfully.